making bus stops appear within a radius of the user along with the current route list implementation
longclick buildings for directions -- DONE
edit classes - probably not going to do this

fix multiple schedules -- DONE/CANNED
	current potential issues:
		spinner needs internet to load, but what if they want to browse saved schedules?
		maybe load spinner on different thread so double schedule load isn't needed?
		
		OPTIONS
			Always try to populate spinner from present db entries, then from web.  Remove duplicates.
				best to have spinner web call in separate ast even if it's inefficient
				
AccountManager stuff? - probably not for a while if ever
onResume check login status
spinner for multiple days worth of bandwidth graphs or dynamic loading of multiple days?
remove certain blackboard "apps"/folders/whatever
prompt for alternate location if external storage is not available (Data directory probably)  -  ? not sure if this is really necessary

Look into httpclient use (do I really need threadsafe?)


rewrite db.clear to re-copy the database? would certainly help with upgrades & troubleshooting  -- CANNED


redo temp login, prompt to redirect user to login page upon feature tap
	overlayed icon to indicate logged in or logged out -- DONE
	log out button in feature? how else to log out...? Keep current logout button, should be clear enough -- DONE
screen to save schedules instead of automatically doing it, listdialog that would show if db is empty and be manually shown by a button on the -- CANNED
actionbar overflow or maybe in settings.  Either way it should be text, clear explanation of what it does.

blackboard "favorite courses" viewpager in main blackboard page maybe
address course overlap (try splitting down the middle with 2 colors) need to address possible selection issue
Use mitmproxy to sniff more bb API
show all class buildings on map (button in schedule) -- DONE
first time use guides (overlays?)

toggle to show class IDs on schedule (put in overflow menu) might make it too "busy" -- NO
panel menu popup on tablet schedule (like I first envisioned?)
rework schedule (scrolling times along side, maybe just in landscape?, less boxy?)
blackboard tablet interface - each new opened folder sweeps across right -> left and rests on the previous folder, but a bit staggered.  User can tap previous folders to navigate to them, some sort of tappable breadcrumb system above?
learn to use sw*dp  and w*dp qualifiers correctly

tweak actionbar background/colors, touchable item accent colors -- maybe not?

better discussion board support (# of unread threads, etc.) check bb app!

classes should show when they're selected

unit testing!